Itachi's Story – Light and Darkness: Truth
DUMPLINGS
Kakashi.
It's unusual that you're here first.
Well, it happens once in a while.
What's going on? Why did you summon us here?
Sasuke!
You've grown up…
It's been a long time, Sasuke.
Itachi Uchiha!
I will…
…kill you!
Ah…the Sharingan.
I see a resemblance… Just who is he?
He's my younger brother.
So you've awakened your Sharingan.
Otherwise…
It's just as you've said.
I've hated you, and resented you.
I have lived my life…
How strong have you gotten?
…for the sole purpose of killing you… Chidori?!
I see…it was Kakashi, huh?
Sasuke!
Damn it!
Ninja Art: Summoning—!
Too slow!
Master Jiraiya!
So your target is Naruto, after all?
Taking Naruto is the overriding mission we have been assigned to,
by the Akatsuki.
I can't let you have Naruto.
I wonder about that…
Perfect timing. I will get rid of both of you right here.
Don't interfere…
If anyone is going to kill him… It will be me.
I have no interest in you right now.
Not yet, Sasuke.
Sasuke!
Damn it!
Naruto!
I said not to interfere!
This is my fight!
That's right.
Fine by me!
You still don't have enough…
Forgive me, Sasuke.
Forgive me!
You are merciless.
Hate me…
You are weak.
From now, for 24 hours… Relive that day.
Using Tsukuyomi on your younger brother?
That's enough…outta…you!
You are weak, because you don't have enough hatred.
C'mon, Kisame!
Wait! Why you—!
Why did we have to retreat?
You could have—!
Sasuke…
Even though Lord Third is dead,
you still have people who will protect you…
I'll be waiting, Sasuke.
Why are you so obsessed with my brother?
He's just a Rogue Ninja.
That's because, unlike you…
He's more of a brother to me than you are to him…
You've been trying to take Sasuke back to the village.
But what if it doesn't go the way you want it to?
I'll do anything to bring him back!
You just said you consider Sasuke to be like a brother…
What if Sasuke were to attack the Hidden Leaf Village?
What would you do then?
What? Why would Sasuke—?
There's no way he'd do something like that!
Sasuke is still a blank canvas.
He can easily be dyed into any color.
In that case, would you be able to stop him?
Even if you have to kill Sasuke?
Could you weigh Sasuke against the Hidden Leaf on a set of scales?
I would defend the Leaf Village!
And I would find a way to stop Sasuke without killing him!
You're such a child…
What you speak of are all fantasies.
A shinobi must be capable of making very harsh decisions.
Someone else tried to tell me the same thing before.
But for me, there is no choice.
I never go back on my word…
That's my Ninja Way.
I see.
You've come…
That Sharingan… How much can you actually see?
What I'm seeing right now… Is your death, Itachi.
My death, huh?
Well then…
…make it happen.
Forgive me, Sasuke…
This is the end.
You don't ever have to forgive me.
I will love you always.
I…
I've made up my mind, Big Brother…
All that's left…is them.
So it really didn't let the light through…
Finally…
Looks like it didn't affect that black one.
Sasuke!
What do we do to release everyone from the genjutsu?!
Rinnegan genjutsu can be dealt with using Rinnegan, probably.
Which means we need Sasuke's left eye.
I won't let that happen.
All that's left to do is to get rid of you guys…
Which I, the savior of the world will do.
Madara!
That eye on his forehead!
Be careful.
We're surrounded in all directions by four of his Shadows.
I know that!
I won't allow you to do anything further.
I just severed the Karmic Cycle of this world.
I have freed humankind
from their suffering, pain and their futility.
But all this…is just a lie!
Naruto, you're the one who's interfering
with everyone's happiness.
Just look at this world now.
All fighting between shinobi has ceased.
I've transformed hell into heaven.
I've finally corrected Hashirama's mistake.
What do you mean by the First Hokage's "mistake"?
You Hidden Leaf may not want to acknowledge it,
but Hashirama ultimately failed in reforming the Shinobi World.
In the beginning, both Hashirama and I had the same goals.
And we worked together.
We tried to change the shinobi world
that sent out barely grown children out to war.
The two of us created the shinobi village.
However, that does not result in true peace.
People cannot show each other their true feelings.
Fear, suspicion, and resentment… …never subside.
FIRE LIGHTNING WIND EARTH WATER My opinions were pushed aside
FIRE LIGHTNING WIND EARTH WATER and the Shinobi World moved forward
and the Shinobi World moved forward
in accordance with Hashirama's vision.
And what happened because of it?
The fighting between shinobi hasn't stopped.
Rather than ceasing, establishing ninja villages led to
an increase in their military build-up,
which resulted in battles that turned into great wars…
with countless lives lost.
The battling in what became the First Great Ninja War…
The Second Great Ninja War…
The Third Great Ninja War…
The fighting never stopped.
That is Hashirama's legacy to the Shinobi World.
Although I admit that I triggered this Fourth Great Ninja War…
That's right! Because of you, so many people died!
I did make a proposition
to peacefully hand over the Tailed Beasts.
Right now, everyone is inside the Divine Tree.
Each one of them, dreaming their own idyllic dreams.
They are in their own ideal worlds.
Is this your idea of a perfect world?
You're just deceiving people.
I just want to be the savior
that ends the long history of fighting amongst shinobi.
Just know this… It's all over.
You're wrong, Madara.
You are not the savior… Nor is this the end of things…
I can't…move…
What's going on?
How can you say that you, unlike Obito,
are able to completely take advantage of others?
Isn't that presumptuous to think that you alone are different?
My dear Madara…
You have also been inside a phantom dream…
Inside a dream that I concocted.
Black Zetsu… What are you saying?
I created you.
You are my will incarnate!
Wrong again… My will is… Kaguya's!
What the hell is going on?
They're having a falling out, at this stage in the game?
No, that's not it.
He just mentioned Kaguya.
Huh? Kaguya?
What is that?
The one the Sage of the Six Paths mentioned.
The current Madara is a prime example of that…
He's become just like my mother, Kaguya.
He's obtained Ten Tails' power and is getting close to me…
and is trying to attain even my mother Kaguya's power.
In time, my mother's power eventually gave rise to hubris…
And the populace came to fear the existence of that power.
No way…
What is it?!
Is their chakra being absorbed?
What's up with this guy?
This chakra is ridiculous!
All of Madara's shadows that were surrounding us have disappeared!
Something's about to happen!
It's chakra!
Is he absorbing all the chakra that's erupting from the ground?
Where is all this thick potent chakra coming from?
It's probably from everyone trapped in the Infinite Tsukuyomi!
This is really bad, Sasuke!
This chakra is much stronger than Ten Tails'!
Stop them before they move!
Go, Naruto!
You mean while they're still swelling up, right?
Like two moths flying into the flame…
I'm going to absorb all the chakra out of the two of you right now.
Damn it!
Don't, Sakura!
But!
Action without a plan is meaningless.
Damn it!
I can't move!
Sasuke! If we don't stop him now…
He'll drain everyone else's chakra before ours and they'll all die!
Don't worry, no one is going to die.
Even when Kaguya previously cast
the Infinite Tsukuyomi upon the populace,
she kept them alive and preserved…
…in order to form them into her soldiers.
"Form"? What do you mean?!
You seem to be denser than Itachi.
How can one use ordinary people in combat?
You're not saying that—!
She converted them into White Zetsu.
What's left of those who were under the previous Infinite Tsukuyomi…
That's what White Zetsu are.
They've been transformed ever so slowly over time.
Are you saying everyone's gonna turn into those white things?!
What are you saying, Black Zetsu?
The Infinite Tsukuyomi is an Uchiha Jutsu!
One that brings eternal peace to the shinobi world.
And what do you base that on?
The Sage of the Six Paths… carved that into the stone tablet.
My dear Madara…
I have been around for eons longer than you.
Since finding the stone tablet left by Hagoromo,
I've had quite some time to make revisions.
Did you say "revisions"?
The Infinite Tsukuyomi is not a jutsu
that confers peaceful dreams.
It is a jutsu to amass enormous amounts of chakra
from individuals enslaved in it.
For what purpose?
You acted merely for that purpose.
According to my… rather, Kaguya's will.
I wouldn't! For that?!
Just as you used Obito as a pawn…
You too, were merely a pawn.
Hey! Look at how big he swelled up!
He's bloated because
his body can't tolerate the amount of chakra he absorbed!
At this rate, he's going to explode!
Why?
Why did this happen—?
Hashirama… Where…did I go wrong?
He's shrinking?!
Obito!
Isn't she the one Super Gramps talked about?
Otsutsuki…
Kaguya!
Who is she?
And why did Madara suddenly become her?
This chakra is far greater then Madara's!
I can't believe such a person ever existed!
Hagoromo knew she would appear, that's why he gave us…
Sakura, do not make any inadvertent moves right now.
Next time on Naruto Shippuden: She of the Beginning
What are your intentions?!
SHE OF THE BEGINNING Tune in again!